Add New MLB Pipeline Tutorial Series (#17321)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/v3/tutorials/s3-motherduck.mdx

```
Follow along with the README.md file at the root of the repository to set up your environment.
After setting up your environment, navigate to the directory where all the code for this tutorial is located.

```bash
cd dev-day-zoom-out/track_1_build_workflows/session_2_resilent_workflows/1_starting_flow
```

You're more than welcome to work off the existing example, but if you'd like to start fresh, follow the tutorial end-to-end to build your very own pipeline!

## Setting up S3 and MotherDuck resources
Before building your pipeline, you'll need to set up the necessary resources in AWS, MotherDuck, and Prefect Cloud.
If you're a seasoned AWS user and already have an IAM User and S3 bucket ready to go, you can skip the `AWS IAM User Setup` and `AWS S3 Bucket Setup` sections.

### Create AWS resources and Prefect blocks
The following steps will help you set up the AWS resources and Prefect blocks for your workflow.
Sign in to the [AWS Console](https://aws.amazon.com/console/) to create an AWS IAM User and an AWS S3 bucket, and [Prefect Cloud](https://app.prefect.cloud/) to create a Prefect AWS credentials block and an S3 bucket block.

> #### Configure an AWS IAM User 

Reviewer: In general, I don't think we should be attempting to document tools that aren't ours. If possible, consider linking to AWS docs that show how to do this and just provide the minimum configuration required (for example, user name, policy, description).

Author: Good callout, I'll make the following changes to the AWS sections:

#### Configure an AWS IAM User
Follow the (AWS documentation)[https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_users_create.html] to create an IAM User with `AmazonS3FullAccess` permissions.

<Tip>
Save the **Access Key ID** and **Secret Access Key** - you'll need these to create a Prefect AWS credentials block.
</Tip>

#### Create an AWS S3 bucket
Follow the (AWS documentation)[https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/create-bucket-overview.html] to create an AWS S3 bucket.

<Tip>
Save the bucket name - you'll need this to create a Prefect S3 bucket block.
</Tip>

Author: I've also updated the MotherDuck token section as follows:
#### Create a MotherDuck Access Token
Follow the [MotherDuck documentation](https://motherduck.com/docs/key-tasks/authenticating-and-connecting-to-motherduck/authenticating-to-motherduck/#authentication-using-an-access-token) to create an access token.

In the AWS Console, complete the following steps:

1. Click "Users" in the left sidebar
2. Click "Create user"
3. Enter a username (for example, "prefect-s3")
4. Select "Attach policies directly" from the Permissions options, and choose "AmazonS3FullAccess" from the Permissions policy list
5. Create the user
6. Once the user is created, click the new user record
7. Click "Create access key"
8. From the "Access key best practices & alternatives" menu, select "Local code"
9. Click "Next"
10. Set a description tag for the access key (for example, "Prefect S3 Access Key")
11. Click "Create access key"

<Tip>

> Important: Save the Access Key ID and Secret Access Key - you'll need these to create a Prefect AWS credentials block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Important: Save the **Access Key ID** and **Secret Access Key** - you'll need these to create a Prefect AWS credentials block.
```

</Tip>

#### Create an AWS S3 bucket
To create an AWS S3 bucket, complete the following steps in the AWS Console:

1. Navigate to S3 service

> 2. Click "Create bucket"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **Create bucket**
```

3. Enter a unique bucket name (for example, "mlb-game-data")
4. Select your region
5. Keep default settings for:
    - Object Ownership (ACLs disabled)
    - Block Public Access settings
    - Bucket Versioning
    - Tags

> 6. Click "Create bucket"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Click **Create bucket**
```

#### Create a Prefect AWS Credentials block
The Access Key ID and Secret Access Key from the IAM User can be stored in a Prefect AWS Credentials block. 
This Prefect block allows your flows and tasks to connect to your AWS resources.
You can create this block by using the Python SDK, or through the Prefect Cloud UI.

> <Expandable title="Python SDK method">

Reviewer: I would use a Tabs component instead of multiple Expandable components for these examples. https://mintlify.com/docs/content/components/tabs#tabs

Author: I agree, looks a lot cleaner. Just added that change 👍

Create a new python file in your project directory and add the following code:
{/* pmd-metadata: notest */}
```python
from prefect_aws import AwsCredentials

AwsCredentials(

>     aws_access_key_id="PLACEHOLDER", #Replace this with your access key id. 
>     aws_secret_access_key="PLACEHOLDER", #Replace this with your secret access key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    aws_access_key_id="PLACEHOLDER",  # Replace this with your access key id. 
    aws_secret_access_key="PLACEHOLDER",  # Replace this with your secret access key.
```

>     region_name="us-east-2" # Replace this with your region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    region_name="us-east-2"  # Replace this with your region.
```

> ).save("BLOCK-NAME-PLACEHOLDER") #Replace this with a descriptive block name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
).save("BLOCK-NAME-PLACEHOLDER")  # Replace this with a descriptive block name.
```

```
<Tip>

> Important: Make sure you have `prefect-aws` installed in your environment before running the script.

Reviewer: Let the callout box do the job of drawing attention to this note. You could also swap the `<Tip>` for a `<Warning>` if you want, but I don't think that's strictly necessary.

```suggestion
Make sure you have `prefect-aws` installed in your environment before running the script.
```

</Tip>
</Expandable>

<Expandable title="Prefect Cloud UI method">
<iframe 
width="560" 
height="315" 
src="https://demo.arcade.software/hNTXKvOyX8d36VBRX7rB?embed&embed_mobile=tab&embed_desktop=inline&show_copy_link=true" 
title="Arcade player" 
frameborder="0" 
allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" 
referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" 
allowfullscreen>
</iframe>
</Expandable>

#### Create a Prefect S3 bucket block

> S3 bucket blocks are used to store your S3 bucket configuration. It allows your flows and tasks to connect to your S3 bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
S3 bucket blocks are used to store your S3 bucket configuration.
Your flows and tasks use this block to connect to your S3 bucket.
```

> Similarly to the AWS credentials block, you can create this block by using the Python SDK, or through the Prefect Cloud UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly to the AWS credentials block, you can create this block by using the Python SDK or Prefect Cloud UI.
```

> <Expandable title="Python SDK method">

Reviewer: Again, I'd suggest a Tabs component. If we wanted to add a third example for doing this with the Prefect CLI, the Expandables will start to feel unwieldly.

aws_credentials = AwsCredentials.load("NAME-OF-YOUR-AWS-CREDENTIALS-BLOCK") #Replace this with your AWS credentials block name.

S3Bucket(
    bucket_name="YOUR-S3-BUCKET-NAME", #Replace this with your S3 bucket name.
    credentials=aws_credentials #Replace this with your AWS credentials block name.
).save("BLOCK-NAME-PLACEHOLDER") #Replace this with a descriptive block name.
```
<Tip>
Important: Make sure you have `prefect-aws` installed in your environment before running the script.
</Tip>

</Expandable>

<Expandable title="Prefect Cloud UI method">

<iframe 
width="560" 
height="315" 
src="https://demo.arcade.software/7NAcl1fsMxLsvxI3Wsv0?embed&embed_mobile=tab&embed_desktop=inline&show_copy_link=true"
title="Arcade player" 
frameborder="0" 
allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" 
referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" 
allowfullscreen>
</iframe>

</Expandable>

### Create a MotherDuck access token and secret block
This section will guide you through the process of creating a MotherDuck access token and a Prefect secret block to store the token.

#### Create a MotherDuck Access Token

> Login to your [MotherDuck Console](https://motherduck.com/) and complete the following steps to create the access token:

Reviewer: https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#login

```suggestion
Sign in to your [MotherDuck Console](https://motherduck.com/) and complete the following steps to create the access token:
```

<iframe 
width="560" 
height="315" 
src="https://demo.arcade.software/7Qag37hD0ttC92p7SjTh?embed&embed_mobile=tab&embed_desktop=inline&show_copy_link=true"
title="Arcade player" 
frameborder="0" 
allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" 
referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" 
allowfullscreen>
</iframe>

<Tip>

> Important: Save the token - you'll need this to create a Prefect Secret block

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Save the token&mdash;you'll need this to create a Prefect Secret block.
```

</Tip>

#### Create a Prefect Secret block
Prefect secret blocks are used to store sensitive information, such as your MotherDuck access token. 
This secret block will allow your flows and tasks to connect to your MotherDuck database.

> You can create a secret block by using the Python SDK, or through the Prefect Cloud UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create a secret block by using the Python SDK or Prefect Cloud UI.
```

<Expandable title="Python SDK method">
{/* pmd-metadata: notest */}
```python
from prefect_secrets import Secret

Secret(
    value="YOUR-MOTHERDUCK-TOKEN", #Replace this with your motherduck access token.
    name="motherduck-access-token" #Replace this with a name that will help you identify the secret.
).save("BLOCK-NAME-PLACEHOLDER") #Replace this with a descriptive block name.
```
</Expandable>

<Expandable title="Prefect Cloud UI method">
<iframe 
width="560" 
height="315" 
src="https://demo.arcade.software/lkmbR08gd2qhoCqPtLGs?embed&embed_mobile=tab&embed_desktop=inline&show_copy_link=true"
title="Arcade player" 
frameborder="0" 
allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" 
referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" 
allowfullscreen>
</iframe>

</Expandable>

> ## Setup your project

Reviewer: The verb form is more appropriate here. https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#setup

```suggestion
## Set up your project
```

Now that you have your Prefect blocks ready to go, it's time to create a new project directory and build your pipeline.

### Create a new project directory 
Create a new directory on your computer to store your project files. 

> Within the root of the directory, create three subfolders for storing the pre and post-processed game data, and a python file for your Prefect flow:

Reviewer: Use a suspended hyphen. https://developers.google.com/style/hyphens?hl=en#suspended-hyphens

```suggestion
Within the root of the directory, create three subfolders for storing the pre- and post-processed game data, and a python file for your Prefect flow:
```

```
.
└── mlb-data-project/
    ├── mlb_flow.py
    ├── boxscore_parquet
    ├── raw_data
    └── boxscore_analysis
```

> Here are some commands you can use to create the project directory and files:

Reviewer: In general I don't like telling users they "can" do something, since it's a bit unambiguous about whether they should run the commands or not.

```suggestion
Run the following commands to create the project directory and files:
```

```bash
mkdir mlb-data-project
cd mlb-data-project
mkdir boxscore_parquet
mkdir raw_data
mkdir boxscore_analysis
touch mlb_flow.py
```

### Build the MLB pipeline
Once the project directory is set up, you can get to the fun part, building the MLB ETL pipeline!

#### Fetch the game data

> Let's start by importing the necessary packages, and creating three tasks that fetch game data by using the [statsapi package](https://github.com/toddrob99/MLB-StatsAPI/tree/master?tab=readme-ov-file).

Reviewer: Avoid `let's`. https://developers.google.com/style/word-list#lets

```suggestion
First, import the necessary packages, and then create three tasks that fetch game data by using the [statsapi package](https://github.com/toddrob99/MLB-StatsAPI/tree/master?tab=readme-ov-file).
```

    home_score = boxscore['home']['teamStats']['batting']['runs']
    away_score = boxscore['away']['teamStats']['batting']['runs']
    home_team = boxscore['teamInfo']['home']['teamName']
    away_team = boxscore['teamInfo']['away']['teamName']
    time_value = next(item['value'] for item in boxscore['gameBoxInfo'] if item['label'] == 'T')
    
    #Create a dictionary with the game data.
    game_data = {
        'search_start_date': start_date,
        'search_end_date': end_date,
        'chosen_team_name': team_name,
        'game_id': game_id,
        'home_team': home_team,
        'away_team': away_team,
        'home_score': home_score,
        'away_score': away_score,
        'score_differential': abs(home_score - away_score),
        'game_time': time_value,
    }
    
    print(game_data)
    return game_data

@flow
def mlb_flow(team_name, start_date, end_date):
    # Get recent games.
    game_ids = get_recent_games(team_name, start_date, end_date)
    
    # Fetch boxscore for each game.
    game_data = [fetch_single_game_boxscore(game_id, start_date, end_date, team_name) for game_id in game_ids]
    
    #Define file path for raw data.

>     today = datetime.now().strftime("%Y-%m-%d") #This uses the current date in the format YYYY-MM-DD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    today = datetime.now().strftime("%Y-%m-%d")  # This uses the current date in the format YYYY-MM-DD.
```

    flow_run_name = runtime.flow_run.name
    raw_file_path = f"./raw_data/{today}-{team_name}-{flow_run_name}-boxscore.json"
    
    # Save raw data to a local folder.
    save_raw_data_to_file(game_data, raw_file_path)

if __name__ == "__main__":
    mlb_flow("marlins", '06/01/2024', '06/30/2024')

```
</Expandable>

> If you run this flow as-is, you'll see the raw data saved to the `raw_data` folder in your project directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you run this flow, you'll see the raw data saved to the `raw_data` folder in your project directory.
```

#### Loading data to S3

> For the next two tasks, you'll upload the raw data file to s3, and pull it back down for further processing. You'll need to add these new tasks to your flow function as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the next two tasks, you'll upload the raw data file to s3, and pull it back down for further processing.
You'll need to add these new tasks to your flow function as well.
```

> 
> <Expandable title="S3 tasks">
> {/* pmd-metadata: notest */}
> ```python
> #Copy and paste this code in your mlb_flow.py file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy and paste the following code into your `mlb_flow.py` file.

<Expandable title="S3 tasks">
{/* pmd-metadata: notest */}
```python
```

@task
def upload_raw_data_to_s3(file_path):
    '''This task will upload the raw data to s3.'''
    

>     s3_bucket = S3Bucket.load("mlb-raw-data") #Replace this with your S3 bucket block name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    s3_bucket = S3Bucket.load("mlb-raw-data")  # Replace this with your S3 bucket block name.
```

    s3_bucket_path = s3_bucket.upload_from_path(file_path)
    
    print(s3_bucket_path)
    return s3_bucket_path
    

@task
def download_raw_data_from_s3(s3_file_path):
    '''Download the raw data from s3.'''
    

>     s3_bucket = S3Bucket.load("mlb-raw-data") #Replace this with your S3 bucket block name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    s3_bucket = S3Bucket.load("mlb-raw-data")  # Replace this with your S3 bucket block name.
```

    local_file_path = f"./boxscore_analysis/{s3_file_path}"
    s3_bucket.download_object_to_path(s3_file_path, local_file_path)
    
    return local_file_path

```
</Expandable>

> 
> <Expandable title="updated flow function">
> {/* pmd-metadata: notest */}
> ```python
> # Update the mlb_flow function to include the new tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Update the `mlb_flow` function to include the new tasks.

<Expandable title="updated flow function">
{/* pmd-metadata: notest */}
```python
```

@flow
def mlb_flow(team_name, start_date, end_date):
    # Get recent games.
    game_ids = get_recent_games(team_name, start_date, end_date)
    
    # Fetch boxscore for each game.
    game_data = [fetch_single_game_boxscore(game_id, start_date, end_date, team_name) for game_id in game_ids]
    

>     #Define file path for raw data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Define file path for raw data.
```

>     today = datetime.now().strftime("%Y-%m-%d") #This uses the current date in the format YYYY-MM-DD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    today = datetime.now().strftime("%Y-%m-%d")  # This uses the current date in the format YYYY-MM-DD.
```

    flow_run_name = runtime.flow_run.name
    raw_file_path = f"./raw_data/{today}-{team_name}-{flow_run_name}-boxscore.json"
    
    # Save raw data to a local folder.
    save_raw_data_to_file(game_data, raw_file_path)
    
    # Upload raw data to s3.
    s3_file_path = upload_raw_data_to_s3(raw_file_path)
    

>     #Download raw data from s3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Download raw data from s3.
```

    raw_data = download_raw_data_from_s3(s3_file_path)

if __name__ == "__main__":
    mlb_flow("marlins", '06/01/2024', '06/30/2024')

```
</Expandable>

Once you have your flow function updated, you can run the the script to see the data file arrive in your S3 bucket.

#### Define data processing and MotherDuck tasks

> Let's create a set of functions that clean up the raw data, run some basic statistics, and save the results to a MotherDuck database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a set of functions that clean up the raw data, run some basic statistics, and save the results to a MotherDuck database.
```

> 
> <Expandable title="data processing and MotherDuck tasks">
> {/* pmd-metadata: notest */}
> ```python
> # Copy and paste this code in your mlb_flow.py file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy and paste the following code into your `mlb_flow.py` file.

<Expandable title="data processing and MotherDuck tasks">
{/* pmd-metadata: notest */}
```python
```

@task
def clean_time_value(data_file_path):
    '''This task will clean the time value.'''
    
    try:
        with open(data_file_path, 'r') as f:
            game_data_list = json.load(f)
    except FileNotFoundError:
        raise ValueError(f"File not found: {data_file_path}") 
    except json.JSONDecodeError:
        raise ValueError(f"Invalid JSON file: {data_file_path}")
    
    # Process each game in the list.
    for game_data in game_data_list:
        # Remove any extra text like '(1:16 delay)'
        if '(' in game_data['game_time']:
            game_data['game_time'] = game_data['game_time'].split('(')[0]
        

>         # Remove any non-d igit, non-colon characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # Remove any non-digit, non-colon characters.
```

        game_data['game_time'] = ''.join(char for char in game_data['game_time'] if char.isdigit() or char == ':')
        
        hours, minutes = map(int, game_data['game_time'].split(':'))
        game_data['game_time_in_minutes'] = hours * 60 + minutes
    
    # Save the modified data back to the file
    with open(data_file_path, 'w') as f:
        json.dump(game_data_list, f, indent=4, sort_keys=True)
    
    return data_file_path
    
@task
def analyze_games(data_file_path):
    '''This task will analyze the game data and return the analysis.'''
    
    try:
        with open(data_file_path, 'r') as f:
            game_data = json.load(f)
    except FileNotFoundError:
        raise ValueError(f"File not found: {data_file_path}")
    except json.JSONDecodeError:
        raise ValueError(f"Invalid JSON file: {data_file_path}")
    
    # Convert to a DataFrame.
    df = pd.DataFrame(game_data)
    

>     #Get the search parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Get the search parameters.
```

    
    # Calculate correlation between game time and score differential.
    correlation = float(df['game_time_in_minutes'].corr(df['score_differential']))
    
    game_analysis = {
        'search_start_date': start_date,
        'search_end_date': end_date,
        'chosen_team_name': team_name,
        'max_game_time': max_game_time,
        'min_game_time': min_game_time,
        'median_game_time': median_game_time,
        'average_game_time': avg_game_time,
        'max_differential': max_differential,
        'min_differential': min_differential,
        'median_differential': median_differential,
        'average_differential': avg_differential,
        'time_differential_correlation': correlation,
    }
    print(game_analysis)
    return game_analysis

@task
def save_analysis_to_file(game_analysis, file_name):
    '''This task will save the analysis to a file.'''
    df = pd.DataFrame([game_analysis])
    df.to_parquet(file_name)
    
    print(file_name)
    return file_name

@task
def load_parquet_to_duckdb(parquet_file_path, team_name):
    '''This task will load the parquet file to duckdb.'''
    
    #Connect to duckdb.

>     secret_block = Secret.load("mother-duck-token") #Replace this with your secret block name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    secret_block = Secret.load("mother-duck-token")  # Replace this with your secret block name.
```

    # Access the stored secret. 
    duck_token = secret_block.get()
    duckdb_conn = duckdb.connect(f"md:?motherduck_token={duck_token}")
    

>     #Create a table in duckdb.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Create a table in duckdb.
```

    duckdb_conn.execute(f"""CREATE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS boxscore_analysis_{team_name} (
        search_start_date TEXT, 
        search_end_date TEXT, 
        chosen_team_name TEXT, 
        max_game_time FLOAT, 
        min_game_time FLOAT, 
        median_game_time FLOAT, 
        average_game_time FLOAT, 
        max_differential FLOAT, 
        min_differential FLOAT, 
        median_differential FLOAT, 
        average_differential FLOAT, 
        time_differential_correlation FLOAT)""")
    
    # Use the COPY command to load the Parquet file into MotherDuck.
    duckdb_conn.execute(f"COPY boxscore_analysis FROM '{parquet_file_path}' (FORMAT 'parquet')")

```
</Expandable>

<Expandable title="updated flow function">
{/* pmd-metadata: notest */}
```python
# Update the mlb_flow function to include the new tasks.    
@flow
def mlb_flow(team_name, start_date, end_date):
    # Get recent games.
    game_ids = get_recent_games(team_name, start_date, end_date)
    
    # Fetch boxscore for each game.
    game_data = [fetch_single_game_boxscore(game_id, start_date, end_date, team_name) for game_id in game_ids]
    
    #Define file path for raw data.

>     today = datetime.now().strftime("%Y-%m-%d") #This uses the current date in the format YYYY-MM-DD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    today = datetime.now().strftime("%Y-%m-%d")  # This uses the current date in the format YYYY-MM-DD.
```

    flow_run_name = runtime.flow_run.name
    raw_file_path = f"./raw_data/{today}-{team_name}-{flow_run_name}-boxscore.json"
    
    # Save raw data to a local folder.
    save_raw_data_to_file(game_data, raw_file_path)
    
    # Upload raw data to s3.
    s3_file_path = upload_raw_data_to_s3(raw_file_path)
    

>     #Download raw data from s3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # Download raw data from s3.
```

    raw_data = download_raw_data_from_s3(s3_file_path)
    
    # Clean the time value.
    clean_data = clean_time_value(raw_data)
    
    # Analyze the results.
    results = analyze_games(clean_data)
    
    # Save the results to a file.
    parquet_file_path = f"./boxscore_parquet/{today}-{team_name}-{flow_run_name}-game-analysis.parquet"
    save_analysis_to_file(results, parquet_file_path)
    
    # Load the results to duckdb
    load_parquet_to_duckdb(parquet_file_path, team_name)

if __name__ == "__main__":
    mlb_flow("marlins", '06/01/2024', '06/30/2024')

```
</Expandable>

Once you have your flow function updated, you can run the the script to see the processed data arrive in your MotherDuck database.

#### Add a markdown artifact

> As a last step, let's add some visibility into the results of your flow. You can add a task that creates a markdown artifact to view the results in the Prefect Cloud UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a last step, add some visibility into the results of your flow.
You can add a task that creates a markdown artifact to view the results in the Prefect Cloud UI.
```

> 
> <Expandable title="markdown Artifact task">
> {/* pmd-metadata: notest */}
> ```python
> # Copy and paste this code in your mlb_flow.py file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy and paste the following code into your `mlb_flow.py` file.

<Expandable title="markdown Artifact task">
{/* pmd-metadata: notest */}
```python
```

    
    # Now create the DataFrame from the loaded data.
    df = pd.DataFrame(game_data)
    
    # Create the markdown report.
    markdown_report=f""" # Game Analysis Report
## Search Parameters
Search Start Date: {game_analysis['search_start_date']}
Search End Date: {game_analysis['search_end_date']}
Chosen Team Name: {game_analysis['chosen_team_name']}

## Summary Statistics
Max game time: {game_analysis['max_game_time']:.2f}
Min game time: {game_analysis['min_game_time']:.2f}
Median game time: {game_analysis['median_game_time']:.2f}
Average game time: {game_analysis['average_game_time']:.2f}
Max differential: {game_analysis['max_differential']:.2f}
Min differential: {game_analysis['min_differential']:.2f}
Median differential: {game_analysis['median_differential']:.2f}
Average differential: {game_analysis['average_differential']:.2f}
Correlation between game time and score differential: {game_analysis['time_differential_correlation']:.2f}

## Raw Data
{df.to_markdown(index=False)}

"""
    create_markdown_artifact(
        key="game-analysis",
        markdown=markdown_report,
        description="Game analysis report"
    )

```
</Expandable>

> 
> <Expandable title="updated flow function">
> {/* pmd-metadata: notest */}
> ```python
> # Update the mlb_flow function to include the new tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Update the `mlb_flow` function to include the new tasks.

<Expandable title="updated flow function">
{/* pmd-metadata: notest */}
```python
```

@flow
def mlb_flow(team_name, start_date, end_date):
    # Get recent games.
    game_ids = get_recent_games(team_name, start_date, end_date)
    
    # Fetch boxscore for each game.
    game_data = [fetch_single_game_boxscore(game_id, start_date, end_date, team_name) for game_id in game_ids]
    
    #Define file path for raw data.

>     today = datetime.now().strftime("%Y-%m-%d") #This uses the current date in the format YYYY-MM-DD.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    today = datetime.now().strftime("%Y-%m-%d")  # This uses the current date in the format YYYY-MM-DD.
```

    parquet_file_path = f"./boxscore_parquet/{today}-{team_name}-{flow_run_name}-game-analysis.parquet"
    save_analysis_to_file(results, parquet_file_path)
    
    # Load the results to duckdb.
    load_parquet_to_duckdb(parquet_file_path, team_name)
    
    # Save the results to an artifact.
    game_analysis_artifact(results, raw_data)
    
    
if __name__ == "__main__":
    mlb_flow("marlins", '06/01/2024', '06/30/2024')

```
</Expandable>

After adding the new code, run the updated flow to see the markdown artifact!

<iframe 
width="560" 
height="315" 
src="https://demo.arcade.software/LHzqGzfl1r3AF3Nbcwvp?embed&embed_mobile=tab&embed_desktop=inline&show_copy_link=true"
title="Arcade player" 
frameborder="0" 
allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" 
referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" 
allowfullscreen>
</iframe>

## Next steps

Now that you have a complete ETL pipeline, you can outfit it with some failure handling and data quality checks to make it more resilient.
You might even consider deploying it to serverless infrastructure, so that you don't have to keep your laptop running 24/7!

> Jump to the next tutorial to learn how you can use Prefect to do just that: [Resilient Pipelines and Serverless Infrastructure](/v3/tutorials/resilience-and-deployment)

Reviewer: Note that I've suggested a different title for the referenced tutorial, so you'll want to change that here too if you decide to go with that suggestion.

```suggestion
Jump to the [Resilient Pipelines and Serverless Infrastructure](/v3/tutorials/resilience-and-deployment) tutorial to learn how you can use Prefect to do just that.
```

Author: Yup! Title changed to: Deploy resilient pipelines to serverless infrastructure
